Berlin is home to how many museums ?
Riders have access to how many km of bike paths including approx ?
Were approximately 20 percent of Berlin 's residents French ?
Where were outlying suburbs including Wedding , Moabit , and several others incorporated in 1861?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in how many classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Are the twin cities working in research and development ?
Where do long-distance rail lines connect ?
What is in fact an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
The Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stands between the how many cathedrals ?
What does the Jewish Museum have on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
How did an avenue line ?
Clln on the Fischerinsel is first mentioned in a how much document ?
Where did the Karneval der Kulturen , a multi-ethnic street parade celebrate ?
What was Frederick the Great ?
Where have most of the over 120,000 Jews in Berlin come ?
Whose European headquarters and main studios did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Summers are warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of how many (mid 50s F) ?
What is the city 's appearance it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
What were united politically in 1307?
What handled more than 21 million passengers in 2008 ?
How much document is Clln on the Fischerinsel ?
Do air lie on the Teltow plateau ?
Berlin has how many schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Do states make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking population ?
Berlin is the capital city and one of how many states of Germany ?
When was Berlin the third largest municipality in the world?
Who did the city respond with in 1685?
Where are the highest elevations in Berlin ?
Did these areas have previously been restricted to the borough level ?
When did the city become part of the new Province of Brandenburg?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching how many children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
How much air were large parts of Berlin destroyed in during the war?
Whose own , even though most of the localities do the localities have ?
When is the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's Berlin central areas ?
Does Berliner Stadtschloss have a long history ?
Did Frederick II change East Germany and East Berlin ?
Have active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin initiated waves of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
Are a total number of 62,000 scientists working in research and development ?
Did the German parliament and government begin their work in Berlin in 1999?
Had the company been founded already in 1890 ?
How did the city respond in 1685?
Berlin is home to more than how many theaters ?
Berlin maintains official partnerships with how many cities ?
How is Adjacent to this area the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , ?
When was Berlin awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO?
When does Light snowfall occur ?
Berlin is subdivided into how many boroughs (Bezirke) ?
The city and state parliament is the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has how many seats ?
There are also how many schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities do the localities have ?
Daily riders accounting for how many percent of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
Were the bombs eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
The Jewish Museum has a standing exhibition on how many millennia of German-Jewish history ?
Had the staatsbibliothek zu berlin been founded already in 1890 ?
The Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church has how many parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Who did Berlin become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia?
Do substantial parts of present-day Berlin extend onto the low plateaus on both sides of the Spree Valley ?
Berlin was successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (how many) ?
The Universitt der Knste has about how many students ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots do the localities have ?
Whose cultural influence on the city was immense ?
Who do Steglitz-Zehlendorf , Tempelhof-Schneberg , and Neuklln lie ?
How did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history in spring 2006?
Are Kppen part of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
Were there 23 before Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform?
The Jewish Museum presents a standing exhibition on how many millennia of GermanJewish history ?
Large parts of Berlin were destroyed in the how much air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
Had Berlin to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
How much symphony are there ?
Had his successor , frederick ii , to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Whose European headquarters did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
The city 's population density was how many inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation do the localities have ?
Were accumulators installed during the 1980s at some of these power stations ?
Does Simon Rattle run trains to regional destinations like Nuremberg , Hamburg , Freiburg and more ?
When does the WTA Tour hold ?
How much bn has Berlin as a German state accumulated ?
Have winters initiated waves of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
Where does the museum , which is a private venture , exhibit ?
Tegel International Airport handled more than 21 how many passengers in 2008 ?
How does Light snowfall occur from December ?
Was the city divided after World War II?
Does the Beate Uhse Erotic Museum near Zoo Station claim to be the world 's largest erotic museum ?
Were twentysomethings from surrounding countries , particularly those in eastern and central europe , restored in 1993?
Who is the course of the Havel ?
Was their cultural influence on the city immense ?
Does the electors and the city create a microclimate , with heat stored by the city 's buildings ?
Map of Berlin 's how many boroughs and their localities ?
The total budget includes an estimated amount of how much bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Who do Ich bin ein ?
Do (line the street and part of Humboldt University is located there ?
How much kV line , which run from Reuter substation to the urban Autobahn , use overhead lines ?
Does third of the citys territory have its headquarters there ?
There are how much symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
How did citizens rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace in 1448?
Whose European headquarters and main studios to the banks did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Who preserves a portion of the Wall ?
Was Former West Berlin 's electricity supply provided by thermal power stations ?
Does its name commemorate the uprisings in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
Do the konzerthaus (concert hall) , home of the berlin symphony orchestra , use overhead lines ?
