Was it used as the exclusive lingua franca on the island of Sri Lanka for almost 350 years?
Is in the 1996 movie Surviving Picasso Picasso played by actor Anthony Hopkins?
Does a violin have four strings?
Is the standard of living in San Franciscio high?
Where is Michael Faraday buried?
How many different names did Chinese writings give to the panda?
What is the city's population?
Ultraviolet vision was first discovered in ants by Sir who in 1881?
Where do Giant Pandas live?
Are drums often used in music therapy?
Where is the headstock located?
Why may English translation of Koreans adjectives misleadingly suggest that they are verbs?
Is Arabic classified alongside Semitic languages?
How long was Alessandro Volta a professor at the University of Pavia?
Is the drum a member of the percussion group?
When did Alessandro Volta improve  and popularize the electrophorus?
What are characteristic features of Finnish?
Who features violinist Boyd Tinsley?
What were strings first made out of?
Has the flute been dated to prehistoric times?
Who showed that Avogadro's theory held in dilute solutions?
Is Taipei in a valley?
What is the sustain pedal called?
How do eels begin life?
Is James Watt French?
Drums are usually played by what?
How many trades can the NSE make per day?
Who manages Candlestick point
Did the family move to Paris as well as there Coulomb studied at the prestigious Collge des Quatre-Nations?
Is the ant a marsupial?
Is the spelling of Turkish phonetic?
Does Modern Standard Arabic continue to evolve like other languages?
When did Picasso make his first trip to Paris?
Where are the Western Arabic numerals used?
Whose ideas inspired Charles-Augustin de Coulomb's experiments on the resistance of masonries?
Was he a child prodigy who was educated by his father, a civil servant?
By what name are drums classified as under the percussion group?
Is Melbourne the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria?
Is Swahili a Bantu language?
What is the name of the largest church in Montreal?
Do zebras sleep standing up?
Do all ants build nests?
What makes San Francisco among the top-ten North American destinations for conventions and conferences
When was Melbourne officially declared as a city?
Where is Collège des Quatre-Nations located?
When did Proto-Uralic language arrive in Finland?
when did kuala lumpur become a federal territory of malaysia?
What is the standardized form of spoken chinese?
Where is Arabic spoken?
What are some of the cougar's primary food sources?
What are the two main groups of Portuguese dialects?
Why is Arabic related to Islam?
Is French the least spoken language in Montreal?
The majority of The Greater Montreal Area follows what religion?
Appreciated during his lifetime, did his fame grow in the years after his death?
Were trumpet players heavily guarded?
In ant colonies, what are the fertile female ants called?
Which culture has a legend that claims that trolls sent dragonflies to poke out their enemies' eyes?
What is the most common romanization standard for Standard Mandarin today?
Is it also one of the two official languages in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China?
What were some other names of the city?
Do Koalas have a slow metabolism?
Did he become a professor before the revolutionary movements against the king of Sardinia?
What trumpet was the first to be allowed in the Christian Church?
Where are there craters named Becquerel?
Where is San Francisco?
Was Vietnamese influenced by Chinese?
How do you say "black" in Arabic?
Whom did he share the Nobel Prize with?
Which is the sub-Saharan indigenous language with the greatest number of speakers?
“lunchbox or boxed lunch” (from bento) and “prepared cuisine” are loan words from which language?
Hassan Massoudy is a master of what genre?
Does the koala fill the same ecological role as the sloth of South America?
Did Uganda make Swahili a required subject in primary schools?
Did James Watt improve an engine?
Was Rockwell also commissioned to illustrate over 40 books including Tom Sawyer as well as Huckleberry Finn?
What percentage of the Korean language does Jeong Jae-do estimate to be Sino-Korean?
Did Johann Josef Loschmidt first calculate the value of Avogadro's number?
How old was Pascal when he died?
Where is the city of Antwerp?
Is Finnish an official language of the European Union?
Does the octopus have two eyes?
What prompted the city to upgrade its building codes
Is San Franscico a popular tourist destination?
How many strings does a guitar typically have?
Has the dragon historically served as China's national emblem?
Is Central Park adjacent to Uhuru Park?
Older English sources used the name "Korean" to refer to what?
As of the 2006 census, how many people resided in the city of montreal?
Where was Isaac Newton born?
Do dragonfly nymphs ever hunt on land?
What do zebras eat?
Do other landmarks include the Istiqlal Mosque as well as Jakarta Cathedral?
Did Faraday discover diamagnetism?
Where is the mouth of an octopus?
Who began control of migration to the city in order to stem the overcrowding and poverty?
Why do trumpets have a bright, loud sound?
What is Antwerp?
Has the terrain in the city been artificially raised?
Is a guitar an instrument?
Can guitars be divided into two broad categories?
Do butterflies make sounds?
Is Crissy field an airfield
At what age can a zebra breed?
How can a flute's volume be increased?
Are among the best-known of Rockwell's works the Willie Gillis series, Rosie the Riveter (although his Rosie was reproduced less than others of the day), Saying Grace (1951), and the Four Freedoms series?
How old was James Watt when his mother died?
Is there a more industrialized region in malaysia?
How long does it take for the panda cubs skin to turn gray?
About how tall is a typical studio piano?
Have plains zebras been crossed with mountain zebras?
What did he invent?
What would a German call Avogadro's number?
What family is Malay a member of?
What is Taipei 101?
Consequently, what is not considered a "serious painter" by some contemporary artists, who often regard his work as bourgeois and kitsch?
Was Leonardo a contemporary of Botticelli Domenico Ghirlandaio as well as Perugino?
Why did Bequerel win the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Are all spoken varieties of Chinese tonal and analytical?
The xylophone has been known in what country since the Middle Ages?
Who is the Mayor of Montreal?
Was it derived from Latin?
Were Newton's religious views consistent with Anglicanism?
Is Swahili spoken in Mozambique?
Is the population of wild Giant  Pandas growing?
What does Avogadro's Law state?
What are the names of a piano's pedals?
Is each node at an integer division of the string?
When was his last painting for the Post published?
What is the official standard language used by the People's Republic of China, the Republic of China, and Singapore (where it is called "Huayu")?
Which building is the site of the German parliament?
Wasn't Michelangelo a homosexual?
Is there a definite article in Turkish language?
Is Modern Korean written with spaces between words?
Do some caterpillars produce vibrations as well as sounds?
Is the violin a percussion instrument?
Who laid out a street plan for the expanded settlement?
What is the SI unit for radioactivity called?
Is Vietnamese the mother tongue of the Vietnamese people?
Which guitars use three single-coil pickups?
What is the range of lifespans of the octopus?
In what country are dragonflies used as a food source?
How many people speak Turkish worldwide?
Did Alessandro Volta invent the remotely operated pistol?
As a boy, did he work in a porcelain factory where his drawing talents led to him being chosen to paint designs on fine china?
Is the Giant Panda a terrestrial animal?
Why does the cornet have a slightly mellower tone than the trumpet?
What book defined the official Finnish language?
What is an example of something an octopus learned in a research experiment?
How many domestic tourists visit Melbourne?
Was Volta made a count in 1810?
Had the drums been used in Sri Lanka since Before Christ?
Is it not also one of the two official languages of the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China?
Is an acoustic guitar dependent on an external device?
Were the koalas of South Australia largely exterminated during the early part of the 20th century, but the state has since been repopulated with Victorian stock?
Are all dialects of Korean similar to each other?
Why is Antwerp important to fashion?
How many main varieties of Indian flutes are currently used?
In which country is Portuguese the co-official language with Cantonese Chinese?
What are the names of the two zoos in Berlin?
Is Arabic the largest member of the Semitic language family?
What is the basic word order in Malay?
The district is bordered to the southwest by Uhuru Park and where?
Do dragonflies spend most of their lives in their adult form?
By 2050, what will the total population of Portuguese speakers in the world be?
How many cymbals typically go in a drum kit?
Is the koala found in coastal regions of eastern and southern Australia, from near Adelaide to the southern part of Cape York Peninsula?
Does the octopus have a hard beak?
Do more northern speakers speak the southern regional dialect than southern speakers speak the northern dialect?
How many siblings did Faraday have?
How long was Kuala Lumpur occupied by the Japanese?
Who were the Orkhon inscriptions built for?
was he active in the area now called environmental science?
Is faraday best known for his work with kinematics?
Is a trumpet played by blowing air through closed lips?
Does an ant's head contain sensory organs?
Is fifty percent or more of Korean vocabulary of Chinese origin?
Avogadro did not actually use what word?
What are the ways to join groups of nouns?
Do linguists consider Malay to be a single language?
Does every drumhead make the same sound?
How can an octopus defend against predators?
who was his mentor?
Who frequented the circle of the British-Australian artist John Peter Russell?
Was the xylophone associated with the folk music of the United States by the 19th century?
What are the patterns of vowel harmony?
Were the city's other names Petrograd (, 1914 -- 1924) and Leningrad (, 1924 -- 1991)?
Was he a member of the Royal Superior Council on Public Instruction?
Do older pianos have more keys than modern pianos?
What year were the first xylophone artifacts found?
Is Finnish threatened by English?
What is another term for Korean adjectives?
What is the earliest date of the trumpet?
What is the population of the city of Antwerp?
Has Leonardo often been described as the archetype of the Renaissance man, a man whose unquenchable curiosity was equaled only by his powers of invention?
Is Swedish a descendant of Old Norse?
Does each type of drum head serve its own musical purpose?
Is there a monument to Tesla at Niagara Falls, New York?
Was Pierre-Auguste Renoir born in Limoges Haute-Vienne France the child of a working class family?
What religion holds majority in Melbourne?
Was Vietnamese formally written using the Chinese writing system?
When is the Pacific typhoon season?
What religion did Isaac Newton follow?
How do most ants travel?
Why does Jakarta suffer frequent flooding?
Where was Isaac Newton buried?
What is the Sino-Korean system of numbers based on?
Is Portuguese an official language of Andorra?
What festival features fireworks  celebrating the end of the school year?
Why is a police whistle very wide for its pitch?
Who constructed a kit using diatonic and chromatically tuned drums?
Are Octopus highly intelligent?
Who made Volta a count?
(where French has a similar phenomenon, with alveolar affricates instead of postalveolars?
Is Malay an agglutinative language?
Is the lyre a stringed musical instrument?
Was Volta buried where he died or was he buried someplace else?
Where does the name of the city Jakarta come from?
The number of elementary entities in 1 mole of a substance is known as what?
What family is the panda a part of?
Is Antwerp a city?
How many legs do lobsters have?
Did Volta marry before he became professor of experimental physics at the University of Pavia?
How many state parks are in San Francisco?
As a celebrator of beauty, and especially feminine sensuality, has it been said that ``Renoir is the final representative of a tradition which runs directly from Rubens to Watteau''?
About how many people are estimated to live in Nairobi?
Why are upright pianos more compact?
What is the largest primarily French-speaking city in the western world?
Is Berlin the headquarters of Springer?
Are lobsters kosher?
Founded by Tsar Peter I of Russia on 27 May 1703, was it the capital of the Russian Empire for more than two hundred years (1713 -- 1728, 1732 -- 1918)?
Was Mission Bay campus opened in 2003
What are the three cat species that are native to Canada?
Is there a programming language called Pascal?
Is the trumpet the musical instrument with the highest register in the brass family?
did faraday have strong maritime interests?
Give an example of the best known symphony orchestras in the world under the leadership of conductors Yevgeny Mravinsky and Yuri Temirkanov. 
What is Northern California's most widely circulated newspaper
How many black keys do modern pianos have?
What happened in 1785?
Was Alessandro Volta a professor of chemistry?
When did Coulomb return to Paris?
Does Montreal contain the largest church in Canada?
When did Watt retire?
Where is Irving Berlin's piano located?
Give an example of the ten Beta World Cities. 
What are the two main varieties of Indian flutes?
How many head entries for character definitions does the Zhonghua Zihai (1994) contain?
Are the dialects of Finnish divided into two groups?
Could Malay have originated from Sumatra island?
Was the SI unit of charge named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb?
Did Pascal also write in defense of the scientific method?
Is the National Palace Museum in Taipei?
Do lobsters feel pain?
During his lifetime, did Pollock enjoy considerable fame and notoriety?
When did his father die?
Whom are guitars made and repaired by?
What are cymbals made of?
Wasn't Blaise Pascal a work of Desargues on conic sections?
Why did Montreal lose its status as the capital of the  Province of Canada in 1849?
In 1820, Avogadro became a professor of physics where?
What is the current estimated population of Nairobi?
How long is an adult cougar's paw print?
What exception to the rules of vowel harmony do compound words have?
When did written Vietnamese become the official administrative language?
When did it sign on the air?
Who wrote about ants in A Tramp Abroad?
What happened in 1887?
When was the Turkish Language Association founded?
Who created Monas Park
When was Middle Chinese used?
Is the current estimated population of Nairobi about 6 milion?
Who became adversaries with Nikola Tesla?
When was Arabic calligraphy invented?
Where was Volta born?
How many subspecies of the Giant Panda are there?
Is one of the parts of a cymbal called a disc?
What were the strings of a classical lyre made of?
When did concert flutes begin appearing in concert ensembles?
Does Portuguese contain words from the Arabic language?
What allows the butterfly to evade predators?
What kind of words have been borrowed from Chinese?
Where is smoked eel considered a delicacy?
What are most electric guitar bodies made of?
Did the Moche people worship lobsters?
Was Tesla rich at the time of his death?
How does a flute player change the pitch of the sound?
What are some annual festivals in Taipei?
Is the left-most pedal on a grand piano called the una corda?
Are cougars larger than jaguars?
What language besides Malay is in the Austronesia language family?
How are new words formed in Malay?
Has an octopus a hard beak, with its mouth at the center point of the arms?
Was Tesla an American citizen?
Do the ants eat plants, meats, or both?
Wasn't Malay language found in Sumatra?
What happened in 1838?
Who laid down the Peter and Paul Fortress?
Does Swedish use the perfect participle to form the present perfect tense?
Does "ketchup" come from the Minnan pronunciation of &#39853;&#27713; (koe-tsiap)?
Where does the German President live?
What kinds of musical groups use cymbals?
Is the drum a member of the percussion group?
Is San Francisco also the financial, cultural, and transportation center of the larger San Francisco Bay Area, a region of 7.4 million people?
Does a standard piano have fewer strings than a harp?
In what year did Watt retire?
Is Avogadro's number used to compute the results of chemical reactions?
Where is the bust of Queen Nefertiti?
When did he die?
Have consonant clusters been lost?
In Turkish, which syllable usually has the stress?
What led Pascal to his religious conversion?
How old is the oldest known representation of a guitar-like intrument being played?
Why do some people believe that left-handed people should learn to play guitars as right-handed people do?
Why is the Giant Panda an endangered species?
Did Norman Rockwell spend the winter months as artist-in-residence at Otis College of Art as well as Design?
Is a cougar also known as a mountain lion?
Is Kuala Lumpur in the Selangor state?
Was Watt married to Agnes Muirhead?
Does Swahili have dipthongs?
Was Kee seven years older than Van Gogh as well as had an eight-year-old son?
Is Golden Gate Park the largest city park
How long has the basic design of the drum remained unchanged?
Do male ants take flight before females?
What is the caridoid escape reaction?
Is Arabic a Central Semitic language?
Mount Royal Park's wooden design was created by what famous designer?
Where was Isaac Newton born?
Does Melbourne have a large international student community?
What is the official language of Turkey?
Does a classical lyre have a hollow body?
From which languages is Korean descended?
What did Alessandro Volta invent in 1800?
How many sister cities does the City of Melbourne have?
Which two sports events did the Olympiastadion host?
Where do the majority of loanwords other than Sino-Korean come from?
What kind of piano did Irving Berlin play?
Who was Blaise Pascal's father?
Is the xylophone a musical instrument?
In Central and South America, what instrument was the xylophone changed into?
What types of fins do eels have?
Was Dizzy Gillespie a famous trumpeter in 1998?
Is the Giant Panda a mammal?
Is English the language most often spoken in Montreal?
Give an example of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. 
Why are Harp Guitars difficult to classify?
Do butterflies have two eyes?
How many total keys does a typical modern piano have?
How many Korean speakers are there?
Has Equestrianism been a long tradition, popular among the Tsars and aristocracy?
What is Coulomb's law?
Are pianos used in Western music?
How large is the population of San Francisco?
Why does Lewis use "absolute case" instead of "nominative"?
Are ants used in cuisine?
What is the outer layer of the cuticle made of?
Is Melbourne home to Australia's busiest seaport?
Where is there a Newton statue on display?
Is the Wisma building the tallest building in Indonesia?
What does it sound like to play cymbals with a cello bow?
Are Western flutes simpler than Indian flutes?
Was the Ottoman script replaced with a variant of the Latin alphabet?
Is it the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello?
When were the colonial buildings in Kuala Lumpur constructed?
Do ants belong to the Hymenoptera order?
Is the most common type of trumpet the B trumpet?
What is the Faraday effect?
Is the Red River Delta traditionally poor?
Do drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with parts of a player's body, or with some sort of implement such as a drumstick, to produce sound?
Was Charles-Augustin de Coulomb ever employed at La Rochelle?
When Becquerel discovered radioactivity, whose work did he investigate?
Did he become chief engineer in the Department of Bridges and Highways in 1892?
How long are cougar adult males (from nose to tail)?
Is Antwerp a municipality?
How old was Watt when he died?
What music group was named after Tesla?
How many parts of speech does the Korean language contain?
How many occupation zones was Germany divided into after the war?
Who was Faraday's wife?
Did Nikola Tesla use a technique called picture thinking?
What are the three dialect regions of Vietnamese?
What are zebras hunted for?
What is panda diplomacy?
Is Volta's legacy celebrated by a Temple on the shore of Lake Como in the center of the town?
What are the two subspecies of giant pandas?
Why is Vattenfall shifting towards reliance on cleaner, renewable energy sources?
In what year was Nairobi founded?
Does Vietnamese have a comparatively large number of vowels?
When was the reunification of Vietnam?
When did Charles IX order Amati to construct 24 violins for him?
How does the government of the People's Republic of China often refer to all divisions of the Sinitic language(s) besides Standard Mandarin?
Is the violin supported by the left shoulder?
Which embassy in Nairobi was bombed in August 1998?
Do ants belong to the same order as bees?
How many species of true eels are there?
What is the most basic form of the flute?
Was Alessandro Volta taught in public schools?
Is the mechanism in an upright piano perpendicular to its keys?
Does Fender make cymbals?
Where is the James Watt Memorial College?
Do pandas hibernate?
Is Malay in the Austronesian family of languages?
Does a black moth mean that someone has died?
Was Nairobi founded in 1899?
Who first calculated the value of Avogadro's number?
Is Portuguese an official language of several international organizations?
Was Taipei founded in the 18th century?
Did Alessandro Volta die and retire in the same place?
Was Nikola Tesla's mother illiterate?
Did Faraday also discover the laws of electrolysis?
What language do they speak in Kuala Lumpur?
Regarding this topic, what did the Revolution do?
Do picks come in many shapes and sizes?
Does the Portuguese language have its roots in the Latin language?
Where was the deepest note of the classical lyre in relation to the player's body?
What has the most effect on how a drum sounds?
Was Charles-Augustin de Coulomb a Spanish Biologist?
Did Pascal have poor health throughout his life?
Is the city named after the apostle Saint Peter?
What was James Watt's father's job?
What is the middle pedal called on grand pianos?
Where was there a vast swarm of butterflies?
What event marked the end of the Old Portuguese period?
When did Tesla receive his last patent?
Did the Occult influence Newton's theory of gravitation?
Which species of zebra is known as the common zebra?
Do mikrolets travel on the main roads?
What is the bridge used for?
Is the word "Korean" derived from Goryeo?
Does the Gendarmenmarkt border the French Cathedral?
Was Nikola Tesla a vegetarian?
Is Berlin the largest city in Germany?
Where did Watt attend university?
Aren't drums often used in music therapy?
Is the Giant Panda a carnivore?
How many noun classes does Swahili have?
What was Maynard Ferguson noted for being able to play accurately?
Egyptian Arabic is spoken by how many in Egypt?
What are the designs and decorations of the Montreal Metro System said to be?
What is the official name of Jakarta?
Did Charles-Augustin de Coulomb come from a poor family?
Do Chinese and Japanese have spaces between words?
Give an example of the most renowned works of the Renaissance. 
Was Tesla on the cover of Time magazine?
Where did Nikola Tesla move to in 1880?
what happened in 1824?
What are the ant colonies that lack queens called?
What shape is a trumpet bent into?
How does Swahili time run?
On average, are cougar males heavier than females?
Are drums usually played by the hands?
Are concert xylophonese typically 3 1/2 or 4 octaves?
What is the battery made by Alessandro Volta credited as?
Did Faraday marry Sarah Barnard?
Do linguists often view Chinese as a language family?
Do lobsters have blue blood?
Is Antwerp in Belgium?
Which came first, the xylophone or the vibraphone?
When did classical Chinese literature begin?
What is the national language in Malaysia?
Who wrote the first novel in Finnish?
What foods do pandas eat?
Was Avogadro a  professor at the University of Turin?
after the 2008 elections, what party had the most parliament seats?
Is the violin shaped like an hourglass?
What was one of the results of the introduction of the new Turkish alphabet?
Are "upright pianos" called "vertical pianos"?
How many species of zebra are there?
Is the Aburukuwa a type of drum?
Do drums consist of at least eight membranes?
What food gave Isaac Newton clues to his theory of gravity?
In what language was his 1811 paper published?
Is it a host city for the Formula One World Championship?
What instrument was produced after the xylophone in the 1920s?
For how long has the classification of dialects spoken outside of Finland been a controversial issue?
Is Malay an agglutinative language?
Did James Watt marry his cousin?
Was Pascal a French mathematician?
Wasn't Alessandro Volta born in Como?
Is he one of the most recognized figures in 20th-century art?
What does the "voice" of a violin depend upon?
How old was Pascal when he lost his mother?
When was his house demolished?
Give an example of the tributary states of the Majapahit kingdom in eastern Java. 
Is Jakarta a city
Are ride cymbals very common?
Is the battente smaller than a classical guitar?
The trumpet can be confused with what close relative?
Where is Jakarta located
What was made in Russia's largest foundry?
Are most eels predators?
Give an example of the most prominent cities in Africa politically and financially. 
Does Montreal lie at the confluence of several climatic regions?
How does poverty in San Francisco compare to the nation-wide average?
How do rock and roll drummers like their drumheads?
What is a person that makes or repairs violins called?
Is there one negation word in Malay?
What does Taipei produce?
Did Coulomb die in AngoulÃªme, France, to a well-to-do family?
Did Bartolomeo Cristofori invent the modern piano?
Was Isaac Newton religious?
What are the three segments of an ant?
Is Jakarta the country's economic, cultural and political center?
What are the smallest trumpets referred to as?
Do open-ended flutes have brighter timbres?
What areas do the Grevy's Zebras inhabit?
How to travel to work from the city to Moscow?
What is the official language of North Korea?
Did the golden age of xylophones come before or after the first usage of the European-derived orchestral?
What is the most common color of ants?
Is Berlin the capital city of Germany?
What airports does Kuala Lumpur have?
Is the Nauen plain north of Berlin?
Antwerp is to the east of what river?
Was Volta made a count by Napoleon in 1810?
How many people speak the Arabic language?
What is along the city's western border?
Did he build the first practical reflecting telescope?
Is the Giant Panda an endangered species?
Is Vietnamese the official administrative language of Vietnam?
Is Amedeo Avogadro Italian?
How is the pronunciation of foreign words determined?
What is the Swahili word for the Swahili language?
Did the economy improve in Jakarta in 2007
Is it possible to alter the word order to stress the importance of a certain phrase?
When did the Soviet military forces occupy Estonia?
does the charge reside on the interior of a charged conductor?
Is Korean the official language of Korea?
What is the earliest extant transverse flute?
Does Vietnamese borrow from Latin and Greek?
What is a violin called informally?
Where was Michael Faraday born?
How many seasons does Kuala Lumpur experience?
what is the name of the event that draws the worlds top riders to malaysia?
Was Isaac Newton British?
Is octopus a common food in Mediterranean cuisine as well as Portuguese cuisine?
Who discovered benzene?
Around how many recognized octopus species are there?
Why is the watt named after Watt?
Do worker ants have wings?
Where did Tesla study electrical engineering?
Did Isaac Newton die in 1898?
Where was Popkomm held before moving to Berlin?
When did Baldassare Castiglione, author of Il Cortegiano ( " The Courtier " ), write?
What is the official religion in the country?
Can speakers of modern Malay understand Old Malay?
How many civilians died in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombing?
Who sets up shrines?
Which constellation is said to resemble a lyre shape?
Was Arabic a major vehicle of culture in Europe?
Was Alessandro Volta an Egyptian?
The word xylophone is derived from two greek words: xylon and phone. What do these words mean?
What's the population of Kuala lumpur?
Does Vietnamese have dipthongs?
Some versions of xylophones have resonators made of what?
is it home to the parliament of malaysia?
Is the most popular sport in Montreal ice hockey?
Are ants found in Antartica?
Do the octopuses in the less familiar Cirrina suborder have two fins and an internal shell?
A year before improving and popularizing the electrophorus, what did Volta become?
What was built to play in both B and A keys?
Do many players use a smaller mouthpiece on the piccolo trumpet?
Did Tesla win the Nobel Prize?
Does San Francisco have a high percentage of gay and lesbian individuals?
Is Avogadro hailed as a founder of the atomic-molecular theory?
What are the three heaviest cats in the world?
Is he best known for developing Coulomb's law, the definition of the electrostatic force of attraction and repulsion?
What butterfly is migratory?
is the central market located in the proximity of the pertama complex?
When was the Principia published?
How many verb paradigms are there in Korean?
Does the word ``violin'' come from the Middle Latin word vitula, meaning ``stringed instrument''?
Is the flamenco guitar similar to the classical guitar?
Does the city and its surrounding area also form the Nairobi Province?
